+++
title = 'My courses on Udemy'
date = 2023-11-24T23:58:06+01:00
draft = true
+++

[Practical Multi-Armed Bandit Algorithms in Python](https://www.udemy.com/course/practical-multi-armed-bandit-algorithms-in-python/?referralCode=6B5376A3AFBBD36DC167)
> This course is your perfect entry point into the exciting field of Reinforcement Learning where digital Artificial Intelligence agents are built to automatically learn how to make sequential decisions through trial-and-error. Specifically, this course focuses on the Multi-Armed Bandit problems and the practical hands-on implementation of various algorithmic strategies for balancing between exploration and exploitation. Whenever you desire to consistently make the best choice out of a limited number of options over time, you are dealing with a Multi-Armed Bandit problem and this course teaches you every detail you need to know to be able to build realistic business agents to handle such situations. Some of the algorithmic strategies taught in this course are Epsilon Greedy, Softmax Exploration, Optimistic Initialization, Upper Confidence Bounds, and Thompson Sampling. With these tools under your belt, you are adequately equipped to readily build and deploy AI agents that can handle critical business operations under uncertainties. 

[Applying Bandit Algorithms To Build Live-Learning Systems](https://www.udemy.com/course/applied-mab-algorithms-for-online-live-learning-systems/?referralCode=073BFD1245DCFB27D879)
> This course is a sequel to my previous course titled "Practical Multi-Armed Bandit Algorithms In Python" and the goal is to teach how you can readily apply your knowledge on MAB algorithms to build and deploy smarts agents on the web that automatically learns how to improve the click-through rate of advertisements. 
Every video in this course is hands-on, and collectively they equip you with expert knowledge on how to build web applications using Flask, and also how to integrate MAB agents that adjust their operations to improve CTR of online ads. By the end of this course, you will know precisely how to implement live-learning agents into web applications to optimise key business goals.
It is one thing knowing how to use simulations to validate the performance of MAB agents. However, transitioning from simulations into their real-world applications require some key skills that are taught in this course.

[Practical Intro To Reinforcement Learning Using Robotics](https://www.udemy.com/course/practical-intro-to-reinforcement-learning-using-robotics/?referralCode=5E229C11A34F5CA41F24)
> Diving into Reinforcement Learning can seem daunting if you don't have the proper hands-on guidance. Many times, people have asked me whether they should master Deep Learning before delving into Reinforcement Learning and my answer has always been that "it depends on what you want to do with RL". RL is a broad domain in its own respect. There are classical RL algorithms that can be learned and applied without any Deep Learning experience. There is also Deep Reinforcement Learning which leverages neural networks to help RL agents to learn proper behaviors in their environment through trials-and-error with reward functions. This course has been designed to be the easiest and fastest basic entry point into RL and its applications in Robotics. From the first to the last videos, I explain every concept in RL in the context of robotics. I am intentional about this because I want to empower you to readily know when and how to apply RL techniques in Robotics. It is not an advanced course. Instead, it is your best option when you are getting started in RL (without any prior knowledge) and you are interested in being able to readily apply what you learn in your robotic projects.

